Evan asks is it worth it to upgrade from
ddr4 to ddr5 or should I just wait for
my next build and the answer to this
one's a little complicated while there
are CPUs that have support for both ddr4
and ddr5 upgrading your memory is not as
simple as just swapping out the RAM
sticks in order to support that newer
memory standard you're going to need a
new motherboard and by the time you're
buying new memory and a new motherboard
the benefit that you're getting is
simply too small to justify the expense
it is almost it's never worth it to
upgrade from one memory standard to the
other unless you're also upgrading the
components around it to best take
advantage of that faster Ram thanks nexo
for sponsoring this short you can learn
about their nexo gripon case at the link
in the video description